No
Judge Paper co-starring Legoninjago's
Hmm
You want to introduce 2258
big thank you
First of all manage
Oh Well pure writing of this hero
It looks like this
You can get a turn to get it
Yes , there's a little scratch here
This is a great person
This San nipper of
Or soul will search
What
It said one is
Do it 1
It is a drum sin
I got a design of 1 and a pretty good girl with a tree
It's about time to sail
It is think
Heckler
It has a little painted in Irya jammy
Compared to the manner value
It is like this
eh
YOUR before heart
It is attached from 1
This Gold Flower Matsu is also a guy to collect
9 One collect
Well many Te Kamu' of golden kettle legendary collect this
So the next say has become a simple money
Yes this is yes
N Ai Kola own this does not before Mr. Correa
Because chips
You're hitting something like this
If you kill this red here and say it will come and jump when it comes
pillow
It says it is another with the motif of bamboo
Well, it looks like this
Instructions like this
Ne is the one book Well of course one book like this i
Feeling
Know you first
Where
It is the earth drum that I did track
This taken it was wood over
I think something is good
Well this is also this
I'll go there Oh trouble
Legoninjago who wants to come in
Introduction
I want to cheer you up
Thank you very much